as a woman with a big platform like this
there is something I wanted to talk
about tonight and that's the Hollywood
sexual harassment scandal first of all
let's start with the fact that it isn't
a sex scandal it isn't a Hollywood
scandal it isn't even a scandal it is a
systemic problem about the abuse of
power that takes place across all
industries and has enabled a culture of
inequity to persist for far too long
over the past few months
yes over the past few months countless
brave women have come forward to share
their experiences and while I'm not
totally surprised by these stories it
seems like quite a few men are treating
another human being with respect isn't
complicated but it seems a bit confusing
for a lot of men out there so I wrote a
book I know like a children's book for
men that is going to make this really
simple and just bring back to the basics
do you guys want me to read it
so listen up fellas
get to the first page there is a guy
with ten long fingers creepy glares and
hugs that linger if you're a woman
you're not a fan I speak of course of
the handsy man
Hansy man based on the news you seem to
be a bit confused listen and I'll
explain to you all the things you may
not do you may not complement my but you
may not call me ho or and even if
you're stoned or drunk do not expose me
to your job
and if I am your employee don't rest
your hand upon my knee no I won't sit on
your lap I shouldn't have to say this
crap
you cannot smell my hair you creep or
grab my boobs while I'm asleep I do not
want to back massage did you follow me
into the parking garage
I do not like you handsy man you're not
allowed to touch my can not on a plane
not on a train not on your boat not in a
moat not in a tree not by the sea not in
your mansion
help me Chris Hansen
so handsy ma'am if you're still confused
whether your behavior will be excused
I'll say it clearly
nice and slow if she doesn't consent the
answer is No
everybody got it good just so you know
that's part one of a 67 part series hi
I'm Jimmy Kimmel if you like that click
the subscribe button below and good
things will happen forever